doc: add minutes for meeting 6 July 2022 (#1255)
nodejs/TSC: meetings/2022-07-06.md

  * Discussed last week
  * No new discussion in GitHub issue since last time
  * Discussion continuing in the issue, please jump in there.

* Consider explicit string formatting module [#43382](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43382)
  * Discussed last week
  * No new discussion in GitHub issue since last time
  * Richard there were 2 issues, should we have a color API and separately discussion on vendoring.

* util: add colorText method [#43371](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43371)
  * This is issue that triggered some of the discussion on color APIs etc.
  * Lets let the discussion continue in GitHub for another week.

* build: add devcontainer configuration [#40825](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40825)
  * Michael: Tierney walked me through the setup, taking off the agenda.
  * Rich - related <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43698>, adds support for GitPod, similar to codespaces, takes no cycles from our GitHub Actions allotment. Michael agree good to support multiple.

### nodejs/TSC

* Adding Geoffrey Booth as a TSC member [#1252](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1252)

>   * Rich, plan to close vote add to voting list, and then onboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Rich, plan to close vote, add voting data to TSC repo, and complete onboarding tasks.
```

### nodejs/i18n

* I would like to become a member [#612](https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/issues/612)
  * missed this one (sorry)

## Strategic Initiatives

> * V8 Currency (same as last week): currently unable to update to >=10.3 due to multiple issues:  

Author: ```suggestion
* V8 Currency (same as last week): currently unable to update to >=10.3 due to multiple issues:
```
